Position summary


USI Audit & Assurance -RADC-PSC – Analyst


We understand our clients' operations, their industry and the issues they face. We understand an audit is not about looking back, but about helping those businesses to plan for a successful future. Together with our team you will build on our distinctive combination of specialist skills, pioneering technology, industry expertise and on-going investment to grow our business and continue to improve the market-defining services we offer.


Our Practice offers a wide ranging and challenging number of business areas in which to develop your career. These comprise business assurance within our Corporate Groups, Public Sector and Financial Services Audit groups, and advisory specialisms including Treasury Advisory, Risk Analytics and Technology Consulting.


As one of the largest audit practices, joining us will mean working with some of the leading practitioners in the industry, for some of the leading organizations in the world and towards a career goal that is entirely yours to shape.


Work you’ll do

This role provides an exciting opportunity to work in an International organization in our Audit Delivery Centre. This role within the Support Services Team is key in supporting our Member Firm Client Facing Teams with the completion of engagement administrative and coordination activity. The work you will undertake is pivotal in supporting the business to drive through improving effectiveness in the end to end process.  You will be working as part of a team working on distinct activities that form part of the end to end audit process and will be working alongside our experienced and highly skilled practitioners.

Your role will be to deliver efficient, reliable and cost-effective working practices in support of our engagement teams. We foster a culture of continuous improvement so we will rely on you to develop best practice initiatives that will firmly benefit your stakeholders and the customer. You will have the opportunity to develop and advance both your technical and soft skills through our structured training and development plans.


The Team


The Project support Centre (PSC) part of Regional Audit Delivery Centre were developed to support Audit and Assurance engagement teams with the  completion of engagement administrative and coordination activity as part of the wider Audit Transformational Programme. The PSC’s are designed to support teams across the engagement lifecycle of an audit process through performing standard administrative tasks in support of audit teams and  providing a range of support services to reduce the levels of administrative work placed on audit practitioners. The PSC’s supports more efficient and cost effective working practices, whilst ensuring quality standards are maintained and improved. The activity undertaken by a PSC will evolve as they become embedded into the audit life cycle and as product aligned ways of working are launched and implemented.


The success of Audit Transformation is reliant on effective change management at all levels in Member Firms and you will play a pivotal role in influencing and transforming how audit work is undertaken in the future at a Global level.  You will be part of a Team that will contribute to developing best practise and be key in driving continuous improvement within the Centres.



Responsibilities


As an Project Support Associate your responsibilities will include:


  Performing selected administrative activities as part of the delivery of high-quality audits of financial statements. Administrative activities will be performed for various national and international companies and institutions, in accordance with local accounting standards; These include, and this is list is not exhaustive:
Produce reports, letters, and documentation to support projects, ensuring high standards of completion.
Organize meetings, draft agendas, and take minutes to support client engagement teams
Supporting teams and managers with the delivery of project support, business development and practice management related administrative tasks.
Preparing and administering documentation using standard templates where appropriate to support the Client engagement teams based out at client locations under the guidance of experienced colleagues.
Participating in a customized training programme as well as coaching by others to become more independent and acquire technical know-how. 
Interacting with your team and team leader about data and information issues to ensure accuracy and high standard of work.
Delivering and executing your work to the highest standard, taking ownership for your allocated tasks and completing them within stated timelines.
Understanding and following Deloitte policies and complying with personal and other independence requirements set by regulatory bodies
Acting with honesty and integrity in all areas of activity. Understanding expectations and demonstrating personal accountability for keeping performance on track.
Identifying and embracing our purpose and values, putting these into practice in your professional life.
Understanding how your daily work contributes to the priorities of the Client engagement teams based out at a client location  and the business in a wider setting



Educational qualification


•             B.com graduate



Skill required


Excellent communication skills
Good analytical skills
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to multitask and take a systematic approach to work with the ability to prioritize workload under pressure
Excellent attention to detail, with a sense of responsibility and delivery of results.
Interested in international business environment and professional development.
•  Confident and professional communication style.

•  The ability to work seamlessly and collaboratively with colleagues at all levels showing initiative and proactivity.

•   Excellent knowledge of Microsoft Excel, Word and PowerPoint  must.

A desire and commitment to continue developing yourself

Location


·       Hyderabad

How you’ll grow

At Deloitte, we’ve invested a great deal to create a rich environment in which our professionals can grow. We want all our people to develop in their own way, playing to their own strengths as they hone their leadership skills. And, as a part of our efforts, we provide our professionals with a variety of learning and networking opportunities—including exposure to leaders, sponsors, coaches, and challenging assignments—to help accelerate their careers along the way. No two people learn in exactly the same way. So, we provide a range of resources including live classrooms, team-based learning, and eLearning. DU: The Leadership Center in India, our state-of-the-art, world-class learning Center in the Hyderabad offices is an extension of the Deloitte University (DU) in Westlake, Texas, and represents a tangible symbol of our commitment to our people’s growth and development. Explore DU: The Leadership Center in India.

Rewards, recognition, and well-being

Our positive and supportive culture encourages our people to do their best work every day. We celebrate individuals by recognizing their uniqueness and offering them the flexibility to make daily choices that can help them to be healthy, centered, confident, and aware. We offer well-being programs and are continuously looking for new ways to maintain a culture that is inclusive, invites authenticity, leverages our diversity, and where our people excel and lead healthy, happy lives. Learn more about our benefits and rewards.

Corporate citizenship

Deloitte is led by a purpose: to make an impact that matters. This purpose defines who we are and extends to relationships with our clients, our people and our communities.  We believe that business has the power to inspire and transform. We focus on education, giving, skill-based volunteerism, and leadership to help drive positive social impact in our communities. Learn more about Deloitte’s impact on the world.

Recruiting tips

Finding the right job and preparing for the recruitment process can be tricky. Check out tips from our Deloitte recruiting professionals to set yourself up for success. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.

Benefits

We believe that to be an undisputed leader in professional services, we should equip you with the resources that can make a positive impact on your well-being journey. Our vision is to create a leadership culture focused on the development and well-being of our people. Here are some of our benefits and programs to support you and your family’s well-being needs. Learn more about what working at Deloitte can mean for you.

Our people and culture

Our people and our culture make Deloitte a place where leaders thrive. Get an inside look at the rich diversity of background, education, and experiences of our people. What impact will you make? Be inspired by the stories of our people.

Professional development

You want to make an impact. And we want you to make it. We can help you do that by providing you the culture, training, resources, and opportunities to help you grow and succeed as a professional. Learn more about our commitment to developing our people.                  


#AccountingFY26
Recruiting tips

From developing a stand out resume to putting your best foot forward in the interview, we want you to feel prepared and confident as you explore opportunities at Deloitte. Check out recruiting tips from Deloitte recruiters.
Our people and culture

Our diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture empowers our people to be who they are, contribute their unique perspectives, and make a difference individually and collectively. It enables us to leverage different ideas and perspectives, and bring more creativity and innovation to help solve our client most complex challenges. This makes Deloitte one of the most rewarding places to work. Learn more about our inclusive culture.
Our purpose

Deloitte’s purpose is to make an impact that matters for our clients, our people, and in our communities. We are creating trust and confidence in a more equitable society. At Deloitte, purpose is synonymous with how we work every day. It defines who we are. We are focusing our collective efforts to advance sustainability, equity, and trust that come to life through our core commitments. Learn more about Deloitte's purpose, commitments, and impact.
Professional development

From entry-level employees to senior leaders, we believe there’s always room to learn. We offer opportunities to build new skills, take on leadership opportunities and connect and grow through mentorship. From on-the-job learning experiences to formal development programs, our professionals have a variety of opportunities to continue to grow throughout their career.